Adding INSOMNIA and Design System frameworks (#18)
thisdot/tech-dev-tooling: README.md

## APIs

- [Insomnia](https://insomnia.rest/)

> Insomnia is a Open Source framework developing/testing API Clients. It can be used to send REST, SOAP, GraphQ and GRPC requests. With this tool it is possible to carry out documentation, automation and with its CLI tools version it is possible to implement pipeline tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Insomnia is an Open Source framework developing/testing API Clients. It can be used to send REST, SOAP, GraphQL and GRPC requests. With this tool it is possible to carry out documentation, automation and with its CLI tools version it is possible to implement pipeline tests.
```

- [markdownlint](https://github.com/DavidAnson/markdownlint)
Visual Studio Code extension for markdown that will lint and style check it. For example, rule MD041 suggests that markdown files start with top-level headings. A list of problems is generated on save, and it offers guidance and automatic fixes. Turn off the rules you disagree with or write your own.

## Design System

- [Ant Design](https://ant.design/)

> An UI design language and React UI library with a set of high-quality React components, one of best React UI library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ant design is a design system for enterprise-level products.
```
